ABOUT:

This application lets a user download in CSV format the Facebook Insights data
about an application or page owned by the user.

A live version of this application can be seen at www.facebookinsightsdata.com

This is a sample application that uses the new Insights API.  The API consists
of an FQL table with four queryable columns and one value column.  The query
columns are object_id, metric, end_time, and period.  Insights are also
available for Facebook Pages and Applications via the Graph API at
https://graph.facebook.com/ID/insights.  For more information, see the FQL
Insights developer documentation at
http://developers.facebook.com/docs/api#Analytics, or the Facebook Developers
Forum at http://forum.developers.facebook.com/ for answers to commonly asked
questions.


SETUP:

This example application was designed to run on the Google App Engine framework.
To get started with App Engine, visit the documentation at
http://code.google.com/appengine/ to download and install the App Engine SDK.

A JSON library is required for this application.  Google's App Engine servers
run Python 2.5 which does not have a JSON library included by default.  You can
use the Simple JSON library instead.  http://code.google.com/p/simplejson/
Download and unpack the library and copy the 'simplejson' folder to the
application's root folder.

Running this Application requires a Facebook Application ID.  Create a new
Facebook Application at http://www.facebook.com/developers/.  This example
application uses OAuth 2.0 to access the Facebook Platform API's.  (Find more
information about this at http://developers.facebook.com/docs/authentication/.)
To use this method of authentication, the application's Connect URL must be set
to the location where the application is hosted.  For example, if developing
locally, you might access this application at http://localhost:8080/, and this
should be your Connect URL.  If deploying to App Engine, the application is
accessible at http://MY-APPLICATION.appspot.com/, and this should be your
Connect URL.  An application's Connect URL can be changed by going to
http://www.facebook.com/developers/, clicking the 'Edit Settings'
menu item for the application, and then selecting the 'Connect' pane.

After setting up a Facebook Application, fill out the values in conf.py.sample
and copy that file to conf.py.  Add your App Engine application name to
app.yaml.sample and copy that file to app.yaml.  You can now run the application
locally using appcfg.py or upload the application to the App Engine servers.


LICENSE:

The Facebook Insights API Sample Application is licensed under the Apache
Licence, Version 2.0 (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
